{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue245;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa420

\f0\b\fs64 \cf0 This is all the school in my website\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs32 \cf0 Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Williams%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Williams College}}
\b0 \
Description:Williams College is a private institution that was founded in 1793. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,029, its setting is rural, and the campus size is 450 acres. It utilizes a 4-1-4-based academic calendar. Williams College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 1. Its tuition and fees are $43,190 (2011-12). Williams College\'97located in Williamstown, Mass., at the foothill of Mount Greylock in the Berkshire Mountains\'97is one of the oldest colleges in the country. The school was originally a men\'92s college until 1970, when women were first admitted. The college\'92s fraternities were abolished in 1962. The school has many unique student activities, including the semi-annual, school-wide trivia contest and the annual Mountain Day in October when students hike Mount Greylock. The Williams Ephs (named after the school\'92s founder Ephraim Williams) participate in NCAA Division III varsity sports in the New England Small College Athletic Conference. Williams is also part of the unofficial Little Three athletic conference with Amherst and Wesleyan. The school requires freshmen to live on campus in any of six different residence halls. Williams College has three academic branches\'97humanities, sciences, and social sciences\'97and graduate programs in history of art and economics. Williams has small class sizes, with a student to teacher ratio of less than 10:1. The school also has Oxford-style tutorials, which rely heavily on student participation. The college is home to many firsts, including the world\'92s first society of alumni, the first to wear caps and gowns at graduation, and the first to host an intercollegiate baseball game. The school has a tradition at each graduation to drop a watch from the top of the college chapel. If the watch breaks, tradition holds that the class will be lucky. Notable alumni include Elia Kazan, director of On the Waterfront and A Streetcar Named Desire; John Frankenheimer, director of The Manchurian Candidate; and Prince Hussain Aga Khan of Shia Muslim Royalty.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Amherst%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Amherst College}}
\b0 \
Description:Amherst College is a private institution that was founded in 1821. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,795, its setting is rural, and the campus size is 1,000 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Amherst College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 2. Its tuition and fees are $42,898 (2011-12). Amherst College, located in Amherst, Mass., is known for its rigorous academic climate. Amherst is a member of the Five Colleges consortium, which also includes Smith, Mount Holyoke, Hampshire, and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. Students may take courses at any of these colleges. Amherst offers more than 140 student organizations; the college banned fraternities in 1984. Amherst claims to have the oldest athletics program in the nation, along with the third oldest football field. The Amherst Lord Jeffs participate in NCAA Division III sports in the New England Small College Athletic Conference. The school is also part of the unofficial Little Three athletic conference with Williams and Wesleyan, which has lasted more than 100 years. Freshmen are required to live on campus in one of seven residence halls. Amherst is an undergraduate college that offers degrees in 35 different majors. Amherst, known as "the singing college," has many a cappella groups, including the Zumbyes, the Bluestockings, and Route 9, to name a few. Amherst is also taking great strides to become more sustainable, and it protects 500 acres of open land and water in its wildlife sanctuary. Notable alumni include former U.S. President Calvin Coolidge, Prince Albert II of Monaco, and former Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court Harlan Fiske Stone.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Wesleyan%20University"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Wesleyan University}}
\b0 \
Description:Wesleyan University is a private institution that was founded in 1831. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,854, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 340 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Wesleyan University's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 12. Its tuition and fees are $43,674 (2011-12). Wesleyan University is located in Middletown, Conn., overlooking the Connecticut River. The school offers about 200 student organizations, including several a cappella groups. Greek life has a long history at Wesleyan, with several fraternities and sororities on campus, including the coed fraternity Eclectic Society, as well as secret societies like the Skull and Serpent. Wesleyan\'92s athletic teams compete in the NCAA Division III New England Small College Athletic Conference. The college is also part of the unofficial Little Three athletic conference with Amherst and Williams. Freshmen are required to live on campus, along with the majority of students who live in campus residence halls, apartments, or houses. Wesleyan University\'92s Graduate Liberal Studies Program offers students a Master of Arts in Liberal Studies. Wesleyan also grants other graduate degrees through its Master of Arts, Master of Science, and Doctor of Philosophy programs. Wesleyan was one of the first colleges to attempt coeducation by admitting female students from 1872 to 1912; however, after 1912, women were not officially admitted again until 1970. Students of color were first admitted in the 1960s. Wesleyan is also among the oldest of the originally Methodist colleges in the country. Nearly 50 percent of student study abroad through 150 programs located in 50 countries worldwide. Notable alumni include Robert Allbritton, CEO of Allbritton Communications; Michael Bay, who directed Armageddon and Pearl Harbor; and actor Bradley Whitford of the TV series The West Wing and film Billy Madison.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Smith%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Smith College}}
\b0 \
Description:Smith College is a private institution that was founded in 1871. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,588, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 156 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Smith College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 19. Its tuition and fees are $40,070 (2011-12). Smith College is located in Northampton, Mass., two hours from Boston and three hours from New York City. Smith is one of the largest liberal arts schools for women in the country. The school has more than 120 student organizations, which range from Bad Seeds, a botany group, to Crapapella, one of several a cappella groups on campus. The Smith Pioneers have 14 NCAA Division III varsity sports that compete in the Eastern College Athletic Conference. Unlike other schools, Smith does not have dorms or Greek life but rather 36 separate houses that range from 18th century to modern in style. Each house is home to between 10 and 100 students, allowing for socialization among students from all classes. Smith is part of the Five Colleges consortium, which includes Amherst, Mount Holyoke, Hampshire, and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. Smith is also part of the Seven Sisters colleges, a group of seven northeastern liberal arts schools that were originally for women. Smith\'92s graduate programs are coeducational and offer master\'92s and doctorate degrees. Traditional events on campus include Rally Day, which celebrates alumnae and students, and Otelia Cromwell Day, which honors Smith\'92s first African-American student. Commencement traditions include Ivy Day, during which seniors plant Ivy on campus, and Illumination Night, when the campus is lit with colored lanterns. Notable alumnae include former first lady Barbara Bush, chef and author Julia Child, poet and author Sylvia Plath, former first lady Nancy Reagan, and author Margaret Mitchell, who won the Pulitzer Prize for Gone With the Wind.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Mount%20Holyoke%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Mount Holyoke College}}
\b0 \
Description:Mount Holyoke College is a private institution that was founded in 1837. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,333, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 800 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Mount Holyoke College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 29. Its tuition and fees are $41,456 (2011-12). Mount Holyoke College was the first institution in the all-female Seven Sisters league. Today, Mount Holyoke women still receive a broad liberal arts education in the suburban setting of South Hadley, Mass., but have more opportunities to travel. Mount Holyoke is one of five colleges within 12 miles, and students can take courses and attend events at each. A free bus service transports students between Mount Holyoke, Amherst College, Hampshire College, Smith College, and the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. Through the school\'92s membership in the Twelve College Exchange Program, Mount Holyoke women can study at one of 11 other schools, including Dartmouth and Vassar colleges, for one or two semesters. Unlike many other schools, Mount Holyoke does not require students to send in SAT scores when they apply. The school does not have a Greek system, but students can choose from more than 150 clubs and organizations. At Mount Holyoke, a residential college, all student must live on campus. Juniors and seniors with a compelling reason to move off campus must apply and be approved. One perk of life in the residence halls: through a tradition known as Elfing, first-year students receive a week\'92s worth of gifts from an anonymous sophomore. More than 70 percent of students find employment on campus, and all freshmen who qualify for work study must work at least one shift in the dining halls. On the sports fields, the Mount Holyoke Lyons compete in the NCAA Division III New England Women\'92s and Men\'92s Athletic Conference. The sports teams get their name from school founder Mary Lyon, and the mascot is a costumed lion named Paws. Mount Holyoke women can also get a workout outdoors, as the college near to skiing, hiking, and biking options. For a road trip, Boston is an hour and a half away by car. There are multiple opportunities to gain real-world experience as a Mount Holyoke student. Students can complete internships in the summer or during January Term, a several-week break for students to get work experience, network, or take a noncredit course. The school works in conjunction with Smith College to provide students job opportunities, and sets up career fairs in Boston, New York, and Washington, D.C. At any time, Mount Holyoke students can peruse the online database of alumnae contact information for help or networking. Especially notable alumnae include poet Emily Dickinson, U.S. Representative Nita Lowey, and President Obama\'92s White House Deputy Chief of Staff Mona Sutphen.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Hampshire%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Hampshire College}}
\b0 \
Description:Hampshire College is a private liberal arts college in Amherst, Massachusetts, United States. It was opened in 1970 as an experiment in alternative education, in association with four other colleges in the Pioneer Valley: Amherst College, Smith College, Mount Holyoke College and the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Together they are now known as the Five Colleges, or the Five College Area. The College is widely known for its alternative curriculum, focus on portfolios rather than distribution requirements, and reliance on narrative evaluations instead of grades and GPAs. It is known particularly for facilitating the study of film, music, theater and the visual arts. In some fields, it is among the top undergraduate institutions in percentage of graduates who enroll in graduate school. Fifty-six percent of its alumni have at least one graduate degree and it is ranked 30th among all US colleges in the percentage of its graduates who go on to attain a doctorate degree (notably first among history doctorates).\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Lafayette%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Lafayette College}}
\b0 \
Description:Lafayette College is a private institution that was founded in 1826. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,414, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 340 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Lafayette College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 40. Its tuition and fees are $40,658 (2011-12). Nestled in the College Hill neighborhood of Easton, Pa., is Lafayette College, a liberal arts institution. Easton is a quiet, rural town about 60 miles from Philadelphia and 70 from New York City. One perk of living in rural Pennsylvania: in warm months, students can load up on fresh produce each Saturday at the Easton Farmer\'92s Market, billed as the nation\'92s oldest continuous open-air market. In the winter, students can go skiing and snowboarding in the nearby Pocono Mountains. The campus has its own indoor rock-climbing wall and on-campus night club called The Spot for year-round fun. There are about 250 student organizations, including a popular Greek system of close to a dozen fraternities and sororities. Each fraternity and sorority has a house on campus for member students. Freshmen must live on campus at the residential college, and so must sophomores, juniors, and most seniors. About 50 seniors who apply to move off campus will be approved each year. The Lafayette Leopards compete in the NCAA Division I Patriot League, and the football team has a notorious rival with Lehigh University\'92s squad. Students kick off the year with the President\'92s Ball, a formal dance, and end the year with All-College Day, a campus-wide celebration with music and food. Students can grab a bite after, too, when faculty members serve them Midnight Breakfast. The college newspaper, The Lafayette, is the oldest student-run publication in the state. Lafayette students can study abroad for a semester, a year, or even just a month\'97in January or May. The school\'92s interim programs, as the monthlong sessions are called, take students to destinations like the Galapagos Islands, Bali, and Egypt over school breaks. In addition, faculty members lead specialty study abroad trips in London and Ghana. Lafayette\'92s distinguished graduates include Ian Murray, founder of the Vineyard Vines clothing line; and Charles Bergstresser, a founder of Dow Jones & Company.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Dickinson%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Dickinson College}}
\b0 \
Description:Dickinson College is a private institution that was founded in 1783. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,414, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 308 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Dickinson College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 47. Its tuition and fees are $43,060 (2011-12). Only a few days after the Revolutionary War came to a close, Dickinson College was chartered in Carlisle, Pa. Today, Dickinson students have more than 130 student clubs and organizations to choose from, including about a dozen fraternities and sororities. About a quarter of all students join a Greek organization. The Dickinson Red Devils compete in the NCAA Division III Centennial Conference, and the school has a particularly competitive rivalry with Franklin and Marshall College in nearby Lancaster, Pa. Intramural sports, like sand volleyball and badminton, are a popular draw for students, too. Freshmen, sophomores, juniors, and some seniors must live on campus, though housing options differ by class standing: first-year students are assigned to dormitories, sophomores and juniors live in suites, and seniors can either move into campus apartments or apply to move off campus. Freshmen also have the option to register for a learning community, a group of students with a similar interest who live and take at least two of the same classes together. The campus town of Carlisle is a historic community of 20,000 residents, and has been recognizes as very livable and family friendly by Forbes magazine. To get around town, students may rent from a small fleet of college-owned, red bicycles. The campus is 25 miles away from the state\'92s capital, Harrisburg; 95 miles from Baltimore; and 125 miles from Philadelphia. For a semester or a year away from Carlisle, students can choose from more than 40 study abroad programs, many of which are led by Dickinson faculty. The Dickinson School of Law is now affiliated with Penn State University and has moved to University Park, Pa., but Dickinson undergraduates can still benefit from the professional institution. Students can take an accelerated track toward earning a law degree, completing three years at Dickinson College and three years at the Dickinson School of Law at Penn State. Other joint master\'92s degree programs include an accelerated Bachelor of Science degree from Johns Hopkins School of Nursing, a 13.5 month program following three years at Dickinson College, and a guaranteed scholarship of at least $10,000 to any Dickinson student admitted to the highly ranked William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration at the University of Rochester. Distinguished graduates of Dickinson College include U.S. Representative Bill Shuster (Pa.) and New York Times reporter Jennifer Haigh.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Bowdoin%20College"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Bowdoin College}}
\b0 \
Description:Bowdoin College is a private institution that was founded in 1794. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,762, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 205 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Bowdoin College's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 6. Its tuition and fees are $42,816 (2011-12). Bowdoin College is located in the coastal New England town of Brunswick, Maine. The Bowdoin Polar Bears compete in 31 varsity sports in the NCAA Division III New England Small College Athletic Conference. Bowdoin has more than 100 student organizations. One of the largest and most active groups is the Outing Club, which offers 100 excursions each year. Peucinian Society, founded in 1805, is one of the oldest literary and intellectual societies in the country, with alumni including poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. Bowdoin abolished fraternities in 1997 and replaced them with a system of college-owned social houses. Freshmen are required to live on campus and are assigned to a college house that provides residential social activities. Bowdoin was a men\'92s college until 1971, when the school admitted its first female students. It was also one of the first selective schools to make the SAT and ACT optional on its application in 1969. More than half of Bowdoin students study abroad for a semester through more than 100 affiliated academic programs. Notable alumni include former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Melville Weston Fuller, author Nathaniel Hawthorne, former U.S. President Franklin Pierce, and human sexuality and gender researcher Alfred Kinsey\'97subject of the 2004 biographical film bearing his surname.\
\

\b Name:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://localhost:8094/school/Colgate%20University"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Colgate University}}
\b0 \
Description:Colgate University is a private institution that was founded in 1819. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,884, its setting is rural, and the campus size is 553 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Colgate University's ranking in the 2012 edition of Best Colleges is National Liberal Arts Colleges, 21. Its tuition and fees are $42,920 (2011-12). Colgate University is located in Hamilton, N.Y., a small town with a population about equal to the size of the student body. Colgate\'92s Outdoor Education Program offers a number of outdoor opportunities, and students can also join any of the other religious, service, special interest, or student government clubs. Greek life plays a significant role in student life, representing nearly half of sophomores, juniors, and seniors. Students are required to live on campus\'97which includes Greek houses and university apartments\'97for their first three years. The Colgate Raiders compete in the NCAA Division I Patriot League and are known for their rivalry with the Cornell University Big Red. Colgate\'92s Seven Oaks Golf Course is ranked among the top five college courses in the country by Golf Digest. Colgate\'92s academic departments and majors fall into one of four general divisions: humanities, natural sciences and mathematics, social sciences, and university studies. Colgate has more than 20 off-campus study programs led by Colgate faculty, and the university also gives credit for programs offered by other universities. Arts programs include studies in theater, visual arts, film and media studies, and music. The number 13 is lucky for Colgate: It is said that the school was founded by 13 men with "13 dollars, 13 prayers, and 13 articles."\
}